honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee admits that it does make too knew what senators independent . 
what will not so concern for the time . 
the members of the selection committee can show some impact . 
on reshape a senator within the next two years . the business which 
it is a committee , important because , in principle , these nine to determine what senators committee sit some senators . 
therefore I am introduced in the sitting of the committee to see that a yesterday for of the nine not attend senators . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators name , I do person . 
you now to see how , this is friendly i am do not ? 
the senators will have to find their own research who was on fault . 
when an individual , the work accepts an must do it . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they remplissaient much more that the majority of the men in the Senate . their duty 
i remember as the sessions held that the committee to the of veterans in February 1998 . 
the House of Commons do at that sitting the the Senate Ni or there . 
three senators to the committee , all of the proceedings saw Liberals of women . 
the officers of the Senate could not find a man to this committee . 
i could cite , , what the hon. has answered the question I asked . word by word senator Carstairs 
i asked him : " Quels meant were the criteria ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
it had drafted that on the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
the only from time to Les delegations were formées men . 
on this matter on , I was replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I look still re - enter the opportunity of my association preferred . 
i do not know how or when the House will be about these two reports . senators , honourable decision 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
wondered or by a group of students , or any of journalists . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if this position in a committee , he should participate or it to all the provided meetings . a senator accept 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
do you today to committee , and after two years of there is a vote in committee final '' . schooling , " Présentez 
they do not even know what they are viewed , but they came to when the leaders sang their sang them . 
absolutely they do not know what has happened . 
the words " and " are in the way our to '' dedication continuité , " senators honourable speech . 
over the next two weeks , reflect on the way we will address the situation of the independent senators . beginning to 
if we do not , I my own of Parliament who interested in the international opportunities . business is committee créerai are doing the 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. do wishes to speak , is it the pleasure , to adopt the senators honourable , you motion ? senator 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
