honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee make knew too admits that what it does independent senators . 
so what will not concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some members of the impact . 
that the next two years in the business reshape on a senator . 
it is a principle to determine what these important committee , because , in committee , some senators nine sit senators . 
therefore I am sitting of the committee to see that was one of the nine yesterday introduced in the to attend senators . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable person name , I do senators . 
i am now to ' t it , you can see how friendly ? 
the research was senators who will have to find in their own fault . 
when an individual must accept the a work , do it . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
they much more that the majority of the men their duty remplissaient in the Senate . 
i remember as the sessions held in February the veterans of the committee that to the 1998 . 
the Senate or sitting in the House of Commons do Ni that time . 
the Liberals , all of the committee to three senators saw the proceedings of women . 
the officers of the Senate could not find a committee to this man . 
i could cite the question I asked the hon. word , what word , to senator Carstairs took responded to . 
were the criteria are as follows : " I asked Quels ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
in 1993 that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted . 
at the time of men were only formées Les delegations . 
i remember that in that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still my association re - enter the opportunity to look preferred . 
i do not know how about these two reports will be or honourable senators , when the House decision . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
by a group of , or wondered journalists or any of students . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if a senator in it , the committee should participate in a position accepts an it all or provided meetings . 
we are not corridors of the words in which the hon. members : 
do you today to committee , there is a vote in committee , after two years of final education and Présentez " '' . 
they do not even know what they are viewed their , but when they came to the sang sang their leaders . 
they do not know what has happened absolutely . 
the words " '' , " and " are in the way our dedication to continuité honourable senators speech . 
over the next two weeks , beginning to address the way we will reflect on the senators independent of the situation . 
i do if we are not parliamentarians , who are concerned about the international committee of the créerai my own business . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. wishes to speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , you do senator , honourable senators ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
