honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee admits that what it does make knew too independent senators . 
what will not so concern for the time . 
the selection of members of the committee can show some impact . 
the business that on a over the next to reshape senator two years . 
it is a committee , important because , in principle to determine what some senators , these nine sit committee senators . 
therefore I am sitting of the committee that was one of the to the introduced in of yesterday see nine attend senators . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable person name , I do senators . 
how did not , to see you i am therefore friendly this ? 
the senators will have to find their own who was in research fault . 
when an individual must accept the a work , do it . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
many of the men in that duty they better the majority their remplissaient the Senate . 
i remember that the veterans in February of the committee held to the sessions of the 1998 . 
the House of Commons then sitting in the Senate the Ni or do this . 
to the committee , all of the proceedings saw Liberals three senators of women . 
the officers of the Senate could not to find a man this committee . 
i could cite word about what the answer the question I asked . that has senator Carstairs , hon. word , 
i asked him Quels were the criteria are as follows : " ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the issue of the report of the representation in a women . 
that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only delegations Les formées . 
in on this issue , I was replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still re - enter the opportunity to look my association preferred . 
i do not know , or will be about the decision to when the House how senators honourable these two reports . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
by or wondered , a group of or any journalists of students . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if this position in a committee , he should participate in the or it all provided meetings . a senator accept 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
do you today , the committee after years of , there is a final in committee vote education two and to Présentez " '' . 
they do not even know what they are viewed , but when they came to the sang sang their their leaders . 
absolutely they do not know what has happened . 
the words " and " dedication to the speech in our are '' , honourable senators continuité '' way . 
over the next two weeks , to reflect on the way we will address the independent of the situation senators . starting 
if we are not the who are concerned about the parliamentarians of my own committee , I do créerai world affairs . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. wishes to speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion honourable , you do senator senators , ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
