honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee admits that knew too what to do with the independent senators . it does 
what will not so concern for the time . 
the members of the selection committee can show some impact . 
on the business that reshape over the next two years . a senator 
it is a committee , important because , in principle , senators to determine what some senators committee sit . these nine 
my therefore introduced in the sitting of the committee to realize that one of the nine not attend senators . of yesterday 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators , I do name person . 
you now to see how friendly did , i am it not ? 
the senators will have their own to find research who was on fault . 
when an individual accepts an work , it must do the . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they remplissaient much more that the majority of the men in the Senate . their duty 
i remember as the sessions held that the committee to the of veterans in February 1998 . 
the Senate Ni or the House of Commons at that time sitting do end . 
three senators saw Liberals to proceedings of the committee , all of women . 
the officers of the Senate could not find a man to this committee . 
i could cite , to word , what the hon. the question I asked . senator Carstairs took responded to word 
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
that it had on the drafted parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
delegations Les at the time formées were only of men . 
in that I remind that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still look the opportunity to re - enter preferred my association . 
honourable , I do not know how or when the House will be ruling in regard to these two reports . senators 
every time that the verdict are senators on television . 
wondered or by a group of students , or any of journalists . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , it should be bring in fact . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if a senator position in a committee , he should it to the meetings . provided all participate or accepts an 
we are not the members of which we say in the corridors : 
do you to the committee and today , after two years , there is a vote in committee final '' . of student " Présentez 
they do not even know what they are viewed , but they came to their leaders sang when sang to them . 
they do not know absolutely what has happened . 
honourable senators , the words " and " are the in our way to '' dedication '' continuité speech . 
over the next two weeks , beginning to reflect on the way we will address the situation of the independent senators . 
if we do not , I my own of Parliament who are interested in the world affairs . are doing it créerai committee 
no one can we are gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. do wishes to speak you , is it the pleasure , , of senators honourable adopt the motion ? senator 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
