honourable senators here , last Tuesday , what happened ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
it does that make too expected the committee and I knew what admits independent senators . 
so what will not concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some members of the impact . 
the business that over the next two years reshape on a senator . 
it is important to determine what principle of a committee , because , some senators , these nine senators sit in committee . 
therefore I am introduced in the sitting of the committee to see that one of the nine yesterday was to attend senators . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable person name , I do senators . 
i am now to , you can see how friendly ' t it ? 
was the fault senators who will have to find in their own research . 
when an individual must accept the a work , do it . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
they much more that the majority of the men remplissaient their duty in the Senate . 
i remember that the committee of the sessions held in the February to the veterans of 1998 . 
the House of Commons do Ni or sitting in the Senate that point . 
the Liberals have three senators , all of the committee sat in the proceedings of women . 
to the officers of the Senate committee could not find this a man . 
i could cite word , to answer the question I asked that the word , what hon. senator Carstairs took . 
were the criteria are as follows : " I asked Quels ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
in 1993 that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted . 
at the time of men were only formées delegations Les . 
i have been replaced by Senator Finestone on on this matter , for a number of years . 
however , I still my association re - enter the opportunity to look preferred . 
i do not know how , when the decision or about these two reports will be senators honourable House . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
by a group of , or wondered journalists or any of students . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if a senator in committee , he should participate in a position or a accept it all the provided meetings . 
we are not corridors of the words in which the hon. members : 
do you to committee after years of today , there is a final '' , education and vote two Présentez " in committee . 
they do not even know what they are viewed to them , but when they came to sang sang their leaders . 
they do not know what has happened absolutely . 
the words " in our way '' , " and " senators are continuité honourable dedication to the speech . 
over the next two weeks , beginning to reflect on the way we will address the senators independent of the situation . 
if we are not interested in the international committee of Parliament who is the créerai , I do my own business . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
senator , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , if you do any other hon. wishes to speak , honourable senators ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
