honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee that make do what it admits knew too independent senators . 
so what will not concern for the time . 
the selection of members of the committee can show some impact . 
on the business that over the next senator reshape a two years . 
it is a committee , these important because , in principle to determine what some senators committee , nine sit senators . 
therefore I am sitting of the committee to realize that was one of the introduced in the of yesterday nine attend senators . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable person name , I do senators . 
i am therefore you see how to , would it not friendly ? 
the senators will have to find in their own research who was fault . 
when an individual must accept the a work , do it . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
that the majority of the Senate to the duty they their remplissaient much more men . 
i remember that the veterans in February of the committee held to the sessions of the 1998 . 
the House of Commons then sitting in the Senate Ni or do this . 
the proceedings of women , all of the Liberals have three senators sat in committee . 
the officers of the Senate to this man could not find a committee . 
i could cite , what the answer the question I asked . that senator Carstairs took hon. word by word , 
i asked him Quels were the criteria are as follows : " ? " 
it has said that it was the first the to address the women of representation in a report . 
that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only Les delegations formées . 
in on this issue , I was replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still re - enter the opportunity to look my association preferred . 
i do not know how , when the House will be about the decision to or senators honourable these two reports . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
or , or any group of wondered by a journalists of students . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if this position in committee , he should participate in the meetings or all it a accept a senator intended . 
we are not of the words in which the corridors hon. members : 
the committee and do you today , there is a vote of two years , in committee final education after to Présentez " '' . 
they do not even know what they are viewed , but they came to the when their sang sang their leaders . 
they do not know what has happened absolutely . 
the words " '' , " are in the way to our dedication and senators honourable continuité '' speech . 
over the next two weeks , to the will of the situation the way we beginning to reflect address independent senators . 
if we are not of parliamentarians who are concerned about the committee , I do my own créerai the world affairs . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
senator wishes to speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , you do if any other hon. senators , honourable ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
