honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee make do what it admits that independent knew too senators . 
so what will not concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some members of the impact . 
the business that over the next two years reshape on a senator . 
it is important because , in principle of a committee , to determine what some senators committee , these nine sit senators . 
therefore I am sitting of the committee to realize that one of the nine of introduced in the yesterday not attend senators . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable person name , I do senators . 
i am therefore , this is how to see you do not friendly ? 
the senators who will have to find in their own research was fault . 
when an individual must accept the a work , do it . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
the majority of the men in that duty they their much more remplissaient the Senate . 
i remember as to the veterans of the committee held in February the sessions that the 1998 . 
the House of Commons or then sitting in the Senate Ni do this . 
the Liberals have all of the committee sat in the proceedings of three senators , women . 
the officers of the Senate to a committee could not find this man . 
i could cite to answer the question I asked that the word , what word , hon. senator Carstairs took . 
were the criteria are as follows : " I asked Quels ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
in 1993 that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted . 
at the time of men were only formées delegations Les . 
i remember that in that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still re - enter the opportunity to look preferred my association . 
i do not know how about these two reports will be when the House , honourable senators or decision . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
by a or any group of , or wondered journalists of students . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
in all the committee , he should participate in a position if a senator accepts an or provided it meetings . 
the words in which we are not of the corridors hon. members : 
today , there is a vote in committee , and to committee after years of education final two - Présentez " you '' . 
they do not even know what they came to the , but when they are viewed their sang sang their leaders . 
they do not know what has happened absolutely . 
the words " '' , " and " are in the way our dedication to continuité honourable senators speech . 
over the next two weeks , how we will reflect on the situation of our the beginning to address independent senators . 
if we are not the of Parliament who are interested in the international committee , I do créerai my own business . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other wishes to speak to adopt the motion , is it the pleasure senators , you do hon. senator , honourable ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
