honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee admits that what it does make knew too senators independent . 
what will not so concern for the time . 
the members of the selection committee can show some impact . 
on a senator reshape over the next two years . the business which 
it is important , of a committee , supposedly , since these nine to determine what some senators sit senators committee . 
therefore I am sitting of the committee to to realize that one of the nine not attend . senators introduced in the yesterday 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators person name , I do . 
you see how did not , i am now to friendly this ? 
the senators will have to find their own research who was on fault . 
when an individual accepts an the work , it must do . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
they better than the men in the majority of many their duty remplissaient the Senate . 
i remember that the to the veterans in February of the committee held sessions of the 1998 . 
the House of Commons then sitting in the Senate Ni neither the do this . 
saw the proceedings of all , the committee to three senators Liberals of women . 
the officers of the Senate could not find a man to this committee . 
i could cite word about , the answer the question I asked . that has senator Carstairs what hon. word , 
i asked him : " Quels meant were the criteria ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the issue of the report of the representation in a women . 
that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted in 1993 . 
at the time of men formées delegations Les were only . 
in on this issue , I was replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still look opportunity to re - enter the my association preferred . 
i do not know when the decision about to the House will be or how , honourable senators these two reports . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
wondered or by a group of students , or any of journalists . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if this position in a committee , he should participate in or it all the provided meetings . a senator accept 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
do you today , and to committee after years of two there is a education , vote in committee final '' . " Présentez 
they do not even know what they are viewed , but when they came to their sang leaders sang to them . 
absolutely they do not know what has happened . 
the words " and " dedication to the speech in our are '' , honourable senators continuité '' way . 
over the next two weeks , to reflect the way we will address the situation of the independent senators . beginning to 
if we are not the , I do who are concerned about the parliamentarians of my own créerai committee world affairs . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion ? , honourable senators , you wish senator do 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
