honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee make knew too admits that what it does independent senators . 
so what will not concern for the time . 
the selection committee members can show some of the impact . 
the business that over the next senator reshape on a two years . 
it is important , because , in principle of a committee , these nine committee to determine what some senators sit senators . 
therefore I am introduced in the sitting of the committee to realize that one of the nine of yesterday senators not attend . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable person name , I do senators . 
i am now to you see how , would it not friendly ? 
the senators who will have to find in their own research was fault . 
when an individual must accept the a work , do it . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
the majority of the men in that duty they remplissaient their much more the Senate . 
i remember as the sessions held that the committee to the of veterans in February 1998 . 
the House of Commons do or sitting in the Senate Ni that time . 
the Liberals have three senators of all , the committee sat in the proceedings of women . 
the officers of the Senate could not find a committee to this man . 
i could cite the question I asked the hon. word , what word , to senator Carstairs took responded to . 
were the criteria are as follows : " I asked Quels ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only Les delegations formées . 
i remember that in that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still my association re - enter the opportunity to look preferred . 
i do not know how , when ruling in regard to the House will be or honourable senators these two reports . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
by a group of , or wondered journalists or any of students . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if a senator in a position , it should participate in the or a accept committee it all provided meetings . 
we are not the words in which the corridors of hon. members : 
do you today to committee , there is a vote in committee , after two years of final education and Présentez " '' . 
they do not even know what they are viewed their , but when they came to the sang sang their leaders . 
they do not know what has happened absolutely . 
the words " and " are speech in the way our dedication to continuité honourable senators , " '' . 
over the next two weeks , beginning to address the way we will reflect on the senators independent of the situation . 
the committee , I do if we are not parliamentarians who are concerned about my own créerai of the world affairs . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
senator , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , you do if any other hon. wishes to speak , honourable senators ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
