honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee make it admits that what do independent knew too senators . 
so what will not concern for the time . 
the selection committee members can show some of the impact . 
the business that over the next senator on a reshape two years . 
it is important because , in principle of a committee , to determine what some senators senators , these nine sit committee . 
therefore I am sitting of the committee to realize that one of the nine of introduced in the yesterday senators not attend . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable person name , I do senators . 
i am therefore ' t it , to see how you friendly ? 
the senators who will have to find in their own research was fault . 
when an individual must accept the a work , do it . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
the majority of the men in that duty they much more remplissaient their the Senate . 
i remember that the committee to the veterans of the in February the held sessions of 1998 . 
the House of Commons then sitting in the Senate Ni or do this . 
the proceedings of women , all of the Liberals have three senators sat in committee . 
the officers of the Senate to this man could not find a committee . 
i could cite the question I asked the hon. , what word about senator Carstairs took word , responded to . 
were the criteria are as follows : " I asked Quels ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only Les delegations formées . 
i remember that in that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still re - enter the opportunity to look preferred my association . 
i do not know how , when ruling in regard to the House will be or honourable senators these two reports . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
by a or any group of , or wondered journalists of students . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if a committee or in a position , it should participate in all the meetings it a senator accept intended . 
we are not of the words in which the corridors hon. members : 
today , there is a vote in committee , and the " you in two years of final education after committee Présentez - '' . 
they do not even know what they are , but when they came to the sang viewed their sang their leaders . 
they do not know what has happened absolutely . 
the words " '' , " in the way to our dedication and honourable senators continuité are speech '' . 
in the coming weeks and how the will of the situation we reflect on the two beginning to address independent senators . 
if we are not of parliamentarians who are concerned about the committee , I do my own créerai the world affairs . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other wishes to speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , you do hon. senator , honourable senators ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
