honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee admits that it does what to do with the independent knew too senators . 
so what will not concern for the time . 
the selection of members of the committee can show some impact . 
the business that over the next senator reshape on a two years . 
it is a principle , these important because , in committee , nine committee to determine what some senators sit senators . 
therefore I am introduced in the sitting of the committee to one of the nine yesterday to realize that not attend senators . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable person name , I do senators . 
i am now to you see how , would it not friendly ? 
the senators research was who will have to find in their own fault . 
when an individual must accept the a work , do it . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
that the majority of the men much more their duty they remplissaient in the Senate . 
i remember as the sessions held that the committee to the veterans in February the of 1998 . 
the House of Commons do or sitting in the Senate Ni that time . 
the Liberals have three senators of all , the committee sat in the proceedings of women . 
the officers of the Senate could not find a committee to this man . 
i could cite , what has responded to that I asked the hon. , the word by word senator Carstairs question . 
i asked him Quels were the criteria are as follows : " ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only Les delegations formées . 
in on this issue , I was replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still preferred re - enter the opportunity to look my association . 
i do not know how , when the House will be about the decision to or senators honourable these two reports . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
by a journalists or any group of , or wondered of students . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if a senator in it , it to all the or a position accepts an committee should participate provided meetings . 
we are not of the words in which the corridors hon. members : 
the committee , there is a vote , two years of today and do you Présentez " to after education final in committee '' . 
they do not even know what they are viewed , but when they came to the sang sang their their leaders . 
they do not know what has happened absolutely . 
the words " '' , " in the way our dedication to continuité honourable senators and are '' speech . 
over the next two weeks , beginning to reflect on the way we will address the senators independent of the situation . 
if we are not of parliamentarians who are concerned about the committee , I do my own créerai the world affairs . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
senator , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , you do if any other hon. wishes to speak , honourable senators ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
