honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee do what it admits that make knew too independent senators . 
what will not so concern for the time . 
the selection of members of the committee can show some impact . 
on the business that reshape in a senator the next two years . 
it is a committee , important because , in principle to determine what some senators sit senators , these nine committee . 
therefore I am introduced in the sitting of the committee to see that one of the yesterday for nine not attend senators . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable person name , I do senators . 
how is friendly , i am now to see you would it not ? 
the senators will have to find their own who was in research fault . 
when an individual must accept the a work , do it . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
they their duty the majority of the men that much more remplissaient in the Senate . 
i remember as the sessions held that the committee to the in February the veterans of 1998 . 
the sitting in the House of Commons do or the Senate Ni that time . 
three senators proceedings of all , the Liberals have sat in the committee of women . 
the officers of the Senate could not find a committee to this man . 
i could cite , what has responded to that I asked the hon. , the word by word senator Carstairs question . 
i asked him Quels were the criteria are as follows : " ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only delegations Les formées . 
in on this issue , I was replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still re - enter the opportunity to look my association preferred . 
i do not know when the decision about to the House will be or how senators honourable , these two reports . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
wondered or by a group of students , or any of journalists . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if a senator in committee , he should participate in the or a position accepts an of it all provided meetings . 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
do you today , the committee after years of two there is a vote in committee final , education and to Présentez " '' . 
they do not even know what they are viewed , but when they came to the sang sang their their leaders . 
absolutely they do not know what has happened . 
the words " and dedication to the speech in our are '' , " honourable senators continuité '' way . 
over the next two weeks , beginning to reflect on the way we will address the senators independent of the situation . 
if we are not the créerai parliamentarians who are concerned about the of my own committee , I do world affairs . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. wishes to speak , to adopt the motion , is it the pleasure , senator do you honourable senators ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
