honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a committee selection was achievement . 
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee admits that it does too knew what to do with the independent senators . 
what will not strike so much for a moment . 
the members of the committee can selection show some impact . 
on the business that a senator reshape within the next two years . 
it is a committee , important because , in principle , these nine senators to determine what sit committee some senators . 
my therefore introduced in the sitting of the committee to yesterday to realize that one of the nine senators not attend . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators , I do name person . 
you can see now to how i am , friendly ' t it ? 
the senators will have their own research to find who was on fault . 
when an individual accepts an work , it must do the . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they remplissaient their duty much more that the majority of the men in the Senate . 
i remember as the that sessions held the to the committee of veterans in February 1998 . 
the Ni Senate or the House of Commons do not sitting at the time . 
three senators Liberals have sat in the proceedings of the committee , all of women . 
the officers of the Senate could not find a man to this committee . 
i could cite word , to word , what the hon. senator Carstairs took responded to the question I asked . 
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
that it had drafted on the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
delegations Les at the time formées were only of men . 
in that I remind that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still look the opportunity to re - enter my association preferred . 
honourable senators , I do not know how or when the House will be decision about these two reports . 
every time that the senators are verdict on television . 
wondered or by a group of students , to journalists or other . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , it should be bring in fact . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if a senator accept this position in a committee , he or it should participate in all the provided meetings . 
we are not the members which we say in the corridors : 
" - you in the committee today , and after two years of education , there is a final vote in committee '' . Présentez 
they do not even know what they are viewed , but they sang the hand when their leaders sang to them . 
they do not know not absolutely what has happened . 
honourable senators , the words " continuité " and " dedication '' , come to the way in our speech . 
over the next two weeks , beginning to reflect on the way we will address the situation of the independent senators . 
if we do the are not , I créerai my own committee of Parliament who are interested in the world affairs . 
no one can we are gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. senator do wishes to speak you , is it the pleasure , honourable senators , to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
