honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee do what it admits that knew too make independent senators . 
what will not so concern for the time . 
the members of the selection committee can show some impact . 
on the business that a senator over the to reshape next two years . 
it is a committee , important because , in principle , these nine senators to determine what some senators sit committee . 
therefore I am introduced in the sitting of the committee to yesterday to realize that one of the nine not attend senators . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators name , I do person . 
you see how now to i am , is friendly would it not ? 
the senators will have to find their own research who was on fault . 
when an individual , the work accepts an must do it . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they remplissaient their duty much more that the majority of the men in the Senate . 
i remember as the sessions held that the committee to the of veterans in February 1998 . 
the Senate Ni or the House of Commons do not sitting in this time . 
three senators saw Liberals to proceedings of the committee , all of women . 
the officers of the Senate could not find a man to this committee . 
i could cite word about what the senator Carstairs took to the question I . asked that answered hon. , word , 
i asked him : " Quels meant were the criteria ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
it had drafted that on the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
the only from time to Les delegations were formées men . 
on this matter on , I was replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I look still re - enter the opportunity of my association preferred . 
i do not know how when the House to a decision about these two the will or not , honourable senators reports . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
wondered or by a group of students , or any of journalists . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if a senator position in a committee , he should participate in or it all the provided meetings . accepts an 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
do you today to committee , and after two years of education , there is a vote in committee final '' . " Présentez 
they do not even know what they are viewed sang , but they came to their leaders when sang to them . 
absolutely they do not know what has happened . 
the words " and " '' , come in our way to the dedication continuité , " senators honourable speech . 
over the next two weeks , beginning to reflect on the way we will address the independent of the situation senators . 
if we are not do the , I committee are interested in the who of parliamentarians my own créerai world affairs . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. do wishes to speak , you , is it the pleasure , of senators honourable adopt the motion ? senator 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
