honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee admits that what it does knew too make independent senators . 
what will not so concern for the time . 
the members of the selection committee can show some impact . 
on the business that reshape in a senator the next two years . 
it is important , of a committee , supposedly , since these nine senators to determine what some senators sit committee . 
therefore I am introduced in the sitting of the committee to realize that of yesterday one of the nine not attend senators . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable senators person name , I do . 
you see how did not , i am now to friendly this ? 
the senators will have to find their own research who was on fault . 
when an individual accepts an the work , it must do . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
they their duty the majority of the men that much more remplissaient in the Senate . 
i remember as the sessions held that to the veterans of the committee in the February 1998 . 
the Senate Ni or the House of Commons do not sitting in this time . 
three senators to the committee , all of the proceedings saw Liberals of women . 
the officers of the Senate could not find a man to this committee . 
i could cite word about , the answer the question I asked . that has senator Carstairs hon. word , what 
i asked him : " Quels meant were the criteria ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted in 1993 . 
at the time of men formées delegations Les were only . 
in on this issue , I was replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still look re - enter the opportunity of my association preferred . 
i do not know when the decision about to the House will be or how , honourable senators these two reports . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
wondered or by a group of students , or any of journalists . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if a in a position to accept the committee , he should participate in or it all the provided meetings . a senator 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
do you today and to the committee , education , after two years of there is a vote in committee final '' . " Présentez 
they do not even know what they are viewed , but when they came to their sang leaders sang to them . 
absolutely they do not know what has happened . 
the words " and dedication to the speech in our are '' , " honourable senators continuité '' way . 
over the next two weeks , beginning to reflect on the way we will address the senators independent of the situation . 
if we are not the who are concerned about the parliamentarians of my own créerai committee , I do world affairs . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. do speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion ? , honourable senators , you wish senator 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
