honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the first to meeting of this committee . 
and I expected the committee make admits that what it does independent knew too senators . 
so what will not concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some members of the impact . 
that the next two years in the business reshape on a senator . 
it is important because , in principle of a committee , to determine what some senators , these nine sit committee senators . 
therefore I am sitting of the committee to realize that one of the nine of introduced in the yesterday not attend senators . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable person name , I do senators . 
i am now to ' t it , you can see how friendly ? 
the senators who will have to find in their own research was fault . 
when an individual must accept the a work , do it . 
the women who have proven sit in the Senate . 
the majority of the men in that duty they their much more remplissaient the Senate . 
i remember as to the veterans of the committee held in February the sessions that the 1998 . 
the House of Commons then sitting in the Senate Ni or do this . 
the Liberals have all the proceedings of women , of three senators sat in committee . 
the officers of the Senate to this man could not find a committee . 
i could cite the question I asked the hon. , what word about senator Carstairs took word , responded to . 
were the criteria are as follows : " I asked Quels ? " 
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
in 1993 that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted . 
at the time of men were only formées Les delegations . 
i remember that in that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I still re - enter the opportunity to look preferred my association . 
i do not know how about these two reports will be when the House , honourable senators or decision . 
every time the senators on television are that verdict . 
by a or any group of , or wondered journalists of students . 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
if a committee or in a position , it should participate in all the meetings it a senator accept intended . 
the words in which we are not of the corridors hon. members : 
today , and there is a vote in committee , two years of the committee to " you Présentez - after education final '' . 
they do not even know what they are , but when they came to the sang their viewed sang their leaders . 
they do not know what has happened absolutely . 
the words " '' , " and " are in the way our dedication to continuité honourable senators speech . 
in the coming weeks and how the will of the situation we reflect on the two beginning to address independent senators . 
if we are not the of Parliament who are interested in the international committee , I do créerai my own business . 
we are no one can gained . 
his Honour the Speaker : 
if wishes to speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , you do any other hon. senator , honourable senators ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
